If your left hand is cut then your right hand is left.
Remember when air was free at the gas station? Now it's $1.50. Why? Inflation.
An opinion without 3.14 is an onion.
Weather we like it or not Argentina is getting colder. In fact, it's bordering on Chile.
Cold? Go stand in the corner. It's 90 degrees.
Each time you light your lighter your lighter gets lighter till your lighter won't light.
How much Jim Beam could Jim beam if Jim could beam Jim Beam?
Will Will Smith smith Will Smith? Yes, Will Smith will smith Will Smith.
My friend is terrified of santa. He must be claus-trophobic.
Relax, the abdominal snowman won't hurt you. He just does situps all day.
What do you get if you cross santa with a duck? A Christmas Quacker!
I don't mean to brag, but cashiers are always checking me out.
I saw an ad that said, "Radio for sale, $2, Volume stuck on full." I thought, "I can't turn that down."
My son is selling bread for a fundraiser. He is going dough to dough asking.
Please keep my family in your thoughts. We found out my uncle is addicted to viagra. My aunt has been taking it hard.
Two fish swim into a concrete wall. One turns to the other and says, "Dam."
"Oh sure, grab a defenseless fish while he isn't looking, big tought guy!" - To Mock a Killingbird
The worst hotel that I've ever stayed at was called The Fiddle. It was a vile inn.
My kids say they want a cat for Christmas. Normally I do a turkey but hey, if it'll make 'em happy...
Which is heavier, water or butane?  Water -- Butane is a lighter fluid.
Some idiot stole all the bus stop signs from my street. Really, where do people get off.
Whoa! A cell phone almost hit us! That was a close call.
To prove he was right, the flat earther walked to the end of the earth. He eventually came around.
Glass coffins: will they be popular? Remains to be seen...
If anyone wants to know how Saint Nick keeps his hands clean, he uses hand Santatizer.
Which is faster, hot or cold? Hot, because you can catch a cold.
My friend writes songs about sewing machines. He's a Singer songwriter, or sew it seams.
Deja Poo, adj. - The feeling of having heard this crap before.
It's not a dad bod, it's a father figure.
How do two German car enthusiast cowboys greet each other?  "Audi, partner."
I masturbate with soap. Just thought I'd come clean.
Ewoks aren't meant to be left outside... They're Endor pets.
Little known fact: Captain Hook bought his hook from a second hand store.
I serve eggs Benedict on a hubcap because there's no plate like chrome for the hollandaise.
"O cruel fortune! Yon flames hath laid waste to mine toothsome morsel." - Mallowdrama
A copy of "A Christmas Carol" just fell on my toe. It hurts like the Dickens.
"I have a split personality," said Tom, being Frank.
I went to my auto mechanic and ordered 4 struts. He said ok, then just walked around funny for a few minutes.
"What did the ocean say to the other ocean?" "Sea you later?" "Nothing, they just waved."
Date: "What do you do?" Me: "I race horses." "Have you been successful?" "No, they are much faster."
What did the wrench say to the screw? "I've been known to turn a few heads."
To the guy who stole my antidepressants: I hope you are happy.
"Nice tree dad! Are you going to put it up yourself?" "No, I will put it up in the living room."
What did the bra say to the hat? You go on a head, I gotta give these two a lift.
I bought a Lord of the Rings frisbee yesterday. It's totally cool but really hard to Frodo...
Got kicked out of the zoo for arranging squirrels by height. Didn't see the rule of "no critter sizing."
Did you hear how the zombie bodybuilder hurt his back? He was dead lifting.
Frog Parking Only: All Others Will Be Toad
What do you say to someone who ate dinner at a brothel?  Insinuate.
My wife shared a step-by-step plan to help our daughter track her menstrual cycles. Now she uses a flow chart.
If smoking is so bad, why does it cure salmon?
Nostalgia isn't what it used to be.
What do you call a snowman temper tantrum? A meltdown.
I am giving up drinking for a month. Sorry, that came out wrong. I am giving up. Drinking for a month.
Steal a man's wallet and he'll be poor for a day. But teach him to play an instrument and he'll be poor for life.
99.9% of people are dumb. Fortunately I belong to 1% of smart people.
No matter how kind you are, German children are always Kinder.
An armed man ran into a real estate agency and shouted, "Nobody move!"
What do you call a line of men waiting to get haircuts? A barberqueue.
I absolutely hate people who talk behind my back. They discussed me.
What do you call a dog that does magic? A Labracadabrador.
I explained, "You see son, mountains aren't just funny... they're hill areas."
Amal and Juan are identical twins. Their mom only carries one baby photo in her wallet because if you've seen Juan you've seen Amal.
I just saw my wife trip and drop a basket of clothes. I watched it all unfold.
I was feeling depressed so my wife put her hand on my shoulder and said, "Earth." That meant the world to me.
I've never been married, but I've had a few near Mrs.
Not many people know that Luke Skywalker was unhappily married until he used divorce.
When I moved into my new igloo my friends threw me a surprise house-warming party. Now I'm homeless.
Before crowbars were invented most crows drank at home by themselves.
My boss asked me why I only get sick on work days. I said it must be my weekend immune system.
It doesn't matter if you're tall, short, fat, thin, rich, poor... At the end of the day it's night.
What part of the body always loses? Defeat.
What do you call a typo on a headstone? A grave mistake.
I went on a date last night with a girl from the zoo. It was great. She's a keeper.
I wrote down the names of all the people I dislike on a piece of paper, but my roomate used it to make a joint. Now he's high on the list.
A woman is on trial for beating her partner with a guitar. "First offender?" asked the judge. "No," she replied. "First a Gibson."
At the office BBQ I grilled a rare steak for my boss. He said, "I like it well done." I said, "Thanks, that means a lot."
Do you want a brief explanation of what an acorn is? In a nutshell, it's an oak tree.
My boss asked, "Where have you been? I've been trying to find you all morning!" I shrugged and replied, "Good employees are hard to find."
A lumberjack once told me he's cut down 27,572 trees. "How do you know exactly how many?" I asked. "Easy, I keep a log."
What's it called when you tickle a man to death by accident? Manslaughter.
I'm done being a people pleaser. If everyone's okay with that.
Wife: "You need to do more chores around the house." Me: "Can we change the subject?" "Ok. More chores around the house need to be done by you."
My neighborhood barber was just arrested for selling drugs. I was a customer for 6 years. I never knew he was a barber.
The other day my wife asked me to pass her lipstick, but I accidentally gave her a glue stick. She still isn't talking to me.
We all know that Albert Einstein was a genius, but very few people know his brother Frank created a monster.
What part of the hospital has the least privacy? The ICU.
A Roman citizen walks into a bar, raises two fingers, and says to the bartender, "five beers, please."
I'm starting a death metal band for people with Celiac's. We're called "Gluten for Punishment" and our first single is "Bread or Alive."
I stayed up all night wondering where the Sun went. And then it dawned on me.
You gotta hand it to short people. Because they can't reach it.
Doctor: "Can we talk about your weight?" Me: "Certainly. It was about 20 minutes but at least the chairs didn't break this time."
I accidentally played 'dad' instead of 'dead' when the bear attacked. Now it can ride a bike without training wheels.
My father was born as a conjoined twin, but the doctors managed to separate them at birth. So I have an uncle, once removed.
My wife is mad at me because she said I never buy her flowers. I honestly didn't even know she sold flowers.
I told my boss, "Sorry I'm late. I was having computer issues." "Hard drive?" "No, the commute was fine. It's my laptop."
I ate a kids meal at McDonald's today. His mom got really angry.
(At my boss' funeral, kneeling and whispering at coffin) "Who's thinking outside the box now, Gary?"
Instead of water I accidentally put Red Bull in my coffee maker this morning. I was halfway to work before I realized I forgot my car.
My husband and I share the same sense of humor. We have to...he doesn't have one.
I can't find my "Gone in 60 Seconds" DVD... It was here a minute ago.
What do you call a woman who sets fire to all her bills? Bernadette.
My son might not be the best roofer in the world. But he is up there.
The swordfish has no natural predators to fear, except the penfish, which is supposed to be even mightier.
The thief who stole my iPhone should FaceTime.
An old lady walked into the bank and asked me if I could help her check her balance. So I pushed her over.
Which part of the body dies last? The pupils, they dilate.
I saw my ex at the other end of the museum hall, but couldn't bring myself to say hi. There was just too much history between us.
Midwives deserve a lot of respect. They really help people out.
My dog sneezed all over my toast. I can't believe it snot butter.
A friend of mine went bald years ago, but still carries around an old comb. He just can't part with it.
I just found out, "aaargghhh" is not a real word. I can't tell you how angry I am.
Don't throw sodium chloride at people. That's a salt.
A fortune teller told me that in 12 years I'd suffer terrible heart break. So to cheer myself up I bought a puppy.
I sold my vacuum cleaner today. All it was doing was collecting dust.
I told my daughter, "Go to bed. The cows are sleeping in the field." She said, "What's that got to do with anything?" "It's pasture bedtime."
What's the opposite of a croissant? A happy uncle.
I asked the librarian if the library had any books about paranoia. She whispered, "They're right behind you."
Do they allow loud laughing in Hawaii? Or just a low ha.
At my book club I wondered why they were throwing Stephen King novels around. Then IT hit me.
What do you call a person who eats other people slowly? A cannibble.
My sister just delivered a baby. I knew she had it in her.
Two years ago my doctor told me I'd go deaf. I haven't heard from her since.
What does a CIA agent do when it's time for bed? They go under cover.
Last night I had a dream I weighed less than a thousandth of a gram. I was like, 0mg.
I asked my surgeon if I could administer my own anaesthetic. She said, "sure, knock yourself out!"
My friend said he couldn't afford to pay his huge water bill. So I sent him a 'Get Well Soon' card.
What do you call a Magician without magic? Ian.
I read a study the other day claiming humans eat more bananas than monkeys. I was like, "Duh. I can't remember the last time I ate a monkey."
I'm trying to convince my dad to get a new hearing aid, but he just won't listen.
The Pillsbury Doughboy died. His funderal will be held at 350 for about 20 minutes.
My wife said, "You really have no sense of direction, do you?" I said, "where did that come from?"
Did you know you can actually listen to the blood in your veins? You just have to listen varicosely.
"I heard that, by law, you need to turn on your headlights when it's raining in Sweden." "How the hell am I supposed to know when it's raining in Sweden?"
My husband and I were at the grocery store picking out a turkey. He asked, "do they get any bigger?" I replied, "no honey, they're dead."
Farting in a packed elevator is wrong on so many levels.
I'm so irritated with my neighbor. They kept playing Lionel Richie songs at full blast. Normally I wouldn't mind but it was All Night Long.
My ex wanted to humiliate me in front of his friends so he said I was useless in bed. Should have seen his face when they all disagreed.
What do you call a detective electrician? Sherlock Ohms.
Why can't Trump go to the White House anymore? Because it is for Biden.
To kill a French vampire you have to drive a baguette through their heart. Sounds easy but the process is painstaking.
When ordering food at a restaurant I asked the waiter how they prepare their chicken. "Nothing special," he explained. "We just tell them they're going to die."
My husband asked me if I could clear the kitchen table. I had to get a running start but I made it!
I taught a wolf to meditate. Now they're aware wolf.
I got fired from my job at the calendar factory. All I did was take a day off.
So what if I can't spell armageddon? It's not the end of the world.
If Dwayne Johnson had downstairs neighbors they would be clueless about everything. You would too if you lived under a Rock.
If a woman says she'll be ready in 15 minutes, she will be. No need to remind her every half hour.
How do dancers ensure job stablility during the pandemic? They twerk from home.
A group of butts is walking. The smallest struggles to keep up. "Sorry, I'm a little behind."
Gravity, one of the most basic forces in the Universe. But then again, if you remove it...you still have Gravy.
My grandma is 80% Irish. People call her Iris.
I asked my phone, "Siri, why am I so bad with women?" She said, "I'm Alexa, you moron."
Why don't monsters eat ghosts? Because they taste like sheet.
Two antennas got married. The ceremony was okay, but the reception was excellent.
An epidemiologist, a scientist, and a doctor walk into a bar... Just kidding, they know better.
My landlord said we need to talk about my high heating bill. I said, "Sure, my door is always open."
A man rushed to the doctor shouting, "help me, I'm shrinking!" He replied, "calm down, you'll just have to learn to be a little patient."
What do you get when you divide the circumference of a Jack-o-lantern by its diameter? Pumpkin Pi
Does anyone remember the joke I made about the chiropractor? It was about a weak back...
What's made of leather and sounds like a sneeze? A Shoe.
What do you call a woman standing between two goal posts? Annette.
We should thank heaven for nipples. Without them boobs would be pointless.
My doctor just diagnosed me with a severe lack of awareness. That came out of nowhere.
A cheese factory exploded in France. Da brie is everywhere!
If you rearrange the letters of MAILMEN... You get them VERY ANGRY.
I quit my job as a personal trainer because I'm not big or strong enough. I just handed in my too weak notice.
I tried to sue the airline for misplacing my luggage... I lost my case.
I saw someone who used different cuts of steak to create portraits of people. It was a rare medium, but well done.
My wife is kicking me out because she's fed up with my South American animal puns... "Okay," I said, "Alpaca my bags."
How can a room full of married people be empty? Because there's not a single person there.
Why didn't 4 ask out 5? Because she was 2^2.
My dad died because we couldn't remember his blood type. He kept saying, "be positive" but it's hard without him.
I try to say "mucho" when I'm around my Hispanic friends. It means a lot to them.
I was kidnapped by mimes once. They did unspeakable things to me.
Have you ever tried to eat a clock? It's very time consuming.
Why are locksmiths allowed to remain open during lockdown? They are key workers.
My boyfriend broke up with me when he found out I only have 9 toes. He was lack toes intolerant.
What did the church mouse say to the other mice? "Have you accepted cheeses as your Lord and Savior?"
I got a new job at the guillotine factory. I'll beheading there shortly.
I can't understand what's wrong with my calculator. It just doesn't add up.
Man: "my wife's contractions are only 2 minutes apart!" Nurse: "Is this her first child?" "No, I'm her husband."
What do you call a French guy being mauled by a lion? Claude.
Did you hear about the guys that were caught stealing a calendar? They both got six months.
I saw someone walk into a store and buy 5 humidifiers so I called the cops. They must be in some extreme mist group.
My son asked me, "dad, what are condoms for?" I said, "to avoid answering questions like this."
How many times do you have to tickle an octopus to make it laugh? Ten-tickles. But it only has 8 so the first 2 were test-tickles!
Did you hear about the claustrophobic astronaut? She just needed a little space.
My neighbor and I became good friends so we decided to share our water supply. We got a long well.
What do sprinters eat before a race? Nothing, they fast.
My favorite time of the day is 6:30.  Hands down.
What was the cannibal given after they showed up late to dinner? The cold shoulder.
I told my husband I'm going to rearrange the herbs. He said, "where do you find the time?" I said, "easy, it's next to the sage."
What happens if you drive a Subaru in reverse? Ur a bus.
A cop stopped me and demanded I get out of the car. "You're staggering," he said. "Wow, thank you!"
Did you hear about the depressed ghost?  They've been going through some things.
What genre are national anthems? Country.
What do you call a French person wearing sandals?  Phillipe Phillope.
Did you know fish are high in Omega 3, which is great for the brain? Food for thought.
I visited a monastery recently and saw a man frying chips. "Are you the friar?" "No, I'm the chip monk."
A Macaroni, a Penne, and a Spaghetti were in a bar. They saw a noodle by himself and agree he looked Cannelloni.
I'm so terrified of asking my husband to clean up after breakfast. I've been walking on eggshells all day!
Did you hear about the seafood restaurant that trades calamari for money? It's squid pro quo.
What do you call a hen that's good at arithmetic? A mathamachicken.
I wanted to be a millionaire just like my dad.  He always wanted to be one too.
I've been swapping labels on the spice rack. My partner doesn't know yet, but thyme is cumin.
A drunk wakes up in jail. "Why am I here officer?" "For drinking." "Great, when do we start?"
What language do doctors curse in? Ibuprofane.
It's shame nothing's built in the US anymore. Just bought a TV that says "Built in Antenna." I don't even know where that is!
I was driving and my wife said, "Hey, you missed a right!" I said, "Thanks babe. You Mrs. Right!"
"Your underwear is much too tight and revealing," I said to my wife. "Wear your own then," she replied.
A midget stumbles out of the bar. He was a little drunk.
I caught my dog chewing on my boots. I guess he has great taste in footwear.
I asked a librarian if they had any books on different noise levels. They replied, "which volume would you like?"
My husband and I are finally going to see the Golden Gate in person. He asked, "what will you do when you see it?" "I'll cross that bridge when I get there."
You should really try archery while blindfolded. You don't know what you're missing.
What do you call two guys tied up and stuck in a window? Kurt and Rod.
To the man in the wheelchair who stole my camouflage jacket: You can hide, but you can't run.
Do you know why I don't trust atoms? They make up everything.
Vampires aren't real unless you Count Dracula.
My wife threatened to divorce me if I gave our daughter a silly name. So I called her Bluff.
Why do chicken coops only have two doors? Because if they had four they'd be called chicken sedans.
My wife tells me I have two major faults: I don't listen - and something else.
Architect: "Do you know how to build a pyramid?" Builder: "Well, yeah, up to a point."
What is atheism? A non-prophet organization.
I quit my job at the concrete plant. It was growing harder and harder.
Why is dark written with a K and not a C? Because you can't C in the dark.
A boat builder is proudly showing his son the family forest. He said, "one day this will all be oars."
My friend named his dog "5 Miles" so he could tell people he walked 5 miles. But today he ran over 5 Miles.
I built a model of Mount Everest and my son asked, "is it to scale?" I said, "No, it's to look at."
Why was the lamp not heavy? Because it's light.
What do you call a mobile home for insane horses? Unstable.
The major just passed a law that male friends have to lunch together once a week. Well, not a law, but a mandate.
Whenever my girlfriend is sad I let her draw things on my body. I give her a shoulder to crayon.
My husband told me I had to stop acting like a flamingo. I had to put my foot down.
I have friend with a PhD in palindromes who lacks social skills. I call her Dr. Awkward
Two drunk guys are fighting. One of them drew a line in the dirt. That's the punchline.
Today I spotted an albino Dalmatian. It was the least I could do for her.
A Scotsman pulled his kilt up and told his doctor, "Help! I'm going crazy!" He replied, "I can clearly see your nuts."
How do you make a water bed more bouncy? By adding spring water.
In my interview I was asked, "can you perform under pressure?" I replied, "Not sure, but I can try Bohemian Rhapsody."
I started a boating business in my attic. The sails are going through the roof.
If anyone is alone this Christmas and has nobody to spend it with, let me know. I need to borrow some chairs.
Why do bees have sticky hair? Because they use honey combs.
I became a fisherman but discovered I couldn't live on my net income.
My high school bully still takes my lunch money. On the upside, he makes great Subway sandwiches!
I own the world's worst thesaurus. Not only is it awful, it's awful.
My husband always takes the elevator, but I always take the stairs. I guess we were raised differently.
In the past the rich had cars and the poor had horses. Now the poor have cars and the rich have horses. My, how the stables have turned.
I was really angry at my friend Mark for stealing my dictionary. I said, "Mark, my words!"
