Be yourself; everyone else is already taken.
You've gotta dance like there's nobody watching, Love like you'll never be hurt, Sing like there's nobody listening, And live like it's heaven on earth.
Be the change that you wish to see in the world.
Live as if you were to die tomorrow. Learn as if you were to live forever.
Darkness cannot drive out darkness: only light can do that. Hate cannot drive out hate: only love can do that.
Without music, life would be a mistake.
We accept the love we think we deserve.
Imperfection is beauty, madness is genius and it's better to be absolutely ridiculous than absolutely boring.
There are only two ways to live your life. One is as though nothing is a miracle. The other is as though everything is a miracle.
We are all in the gutter, but some of us are looking at the stars.
Fairy tales are more than true: not because they tell us that dragons exist, but because they tell us that dragons can be beaten.
Yesterday is history, tomorrow is a mystery, today is a gift of God, which is why we call it the present.
I have not failed. I've just found 10,000 ways that won't work.
The opposite of love is not hate, it's indifference. The opposite of art is not ugliness, it's indifference. The opposite of faith is not heresy, it's indifference. And the opposite of life is not death, it's indifference.
I am enough of an artist to draw freely upon my imagination. Imagination is more important than knowledge. Knowledge is limited. Imagination encircles the world.
You have brains in your head. You have feet in your shoes. You can steer yourself any direction you choose. You're on your own. And you know what you know. And YOU are the one who'll decide where to go...
It is never too late to be what you might have been.
This life is what you make it. No matter what, you're going to mess up sometimes, it's a universal truth. But the good part is you get to decide how you're going to mess it up.
There is no greater agony than bearing an untold story inside you.
Everything you can imagine is real.
You can never get a cup of tea large enough or a book long enough to suit me.
Life isn't about finding yourself. Life is about creating yourself.
To the well-organized mind, death is but the next great adventure.
Do what you can, with what you have, where you are.
Success is not final, failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts.
Listen to the mustn'ts, child. Listen to the don'ts. Listen to the shouldn'ts, the impossibles, the won'ts. Listen to the never haves, then listen close to me... Anything can happen, child. Anything can be.
When one door of happiness closes, another opens; but often we look so long at the closed door that we do not see the one which has been opened for us.
So, this is my life. And I want you to know that I am both happy and sad and I'm still trying to figure out how that could be.
And, when you want something, all the universe conspires in helping you to achieve it.
You may say I'm a dreamer, but I'm not the only one. I hope someday you'll join us. And the world will live as one.
Our deepest fear is not that we are inadequate. Our deepest fear is that we are powerful beyond measure. It is our light, not our darkness that most frightens us.
It’s no use going back to yesterday, because I was a different person then.
It's the possibility of having a dream come true that makes life interesting.
What you're supposed to do when you don't like a thing is change it. If you can't change it, change the way you think about it. Don't complain.
Love hard when there is love to be had. Because perfect people don’t exist, but there’s always someone that is perfect for you.
A person's a person, no matter how small.
You can't live your life for other people. You've got to do what's right for you, even if it hurts some people you love.
Well-behaved women seldom make history.
So we beat on, boats against the current, borne back ceaselessly into the past.
When I despair, I remember that all through history the way of truth and love have always won. There have been tyrants and murderers, and for a time, they can seem invincible, but in the end, they always fall.
Nothing is impossible, the word itself says 'I'm possible'!
I can't give you a sure-fire formula for success, but I can give you a formula for failure: try to please everybody all the time.
Do what you feel in your heart to be right – for you’ll be criticized anyway.
Never doubt that a small group of thoughtful, committed, citizens can change the world. Indeed, it is the only thing that ever has.
Happiness is not something ready made. It comes from your own actions.
Peace begins with a smile :)
Do not read, as children do, to amuse yourself, or like the ambitious, for the purpose of instruction. No, read in order to live.
What lies behind us and what lies before us are tiny matters compared to what lies within us.
Whatever you are, be a good one.
May you live every day of your life.
If my life is going to mean anything, I have to live it myself.
You can't stay in your corner of the Forest waiting for others to come to you. You have to go to them sometimes.
Isn't it nice to think that tomorrow is a new day with no mistakes in it yet?
Attitude is a choice. Happiness is a choice. Optimism is a choice. Kindness is a choice. Giving is a choice. Respect is a choice. Whatever choice you make makes you. Choose wisely.
Hope is the thing with feathers / That perches in the soul / And sings the tune without the words / And never stops at all.
Pain is inevitable. Suffering is optional.
If you're reading this... Congratulations, you're alive. If that's not something to smile about, then I don't know what is.
Always do what you are afraid to do.
Our lives begin to end the day we become silent about things that matter.
The mind is its own place, and in itself can make a heaven of hell, a hell of heaven.
Success is not a place at which one arrives but rather the spirit with which one undertakes and continues the journey.
Talent hits a target no one else can hit. Genius hits a target no one else can see.
In the end, we will remember not the words of our enemies, but the silence of our friends.
Do not let the hero in your soul perish in lonely frustration for the life you deserved and have never been able to reach. The world you desire can be won. It exists.. it is real.. it is possible.. it's yours.
Don't be pushed around by the fears in your mind. Be led by the dreams in your heart.
It is so hard to leave—until you leave. And then it is the easiest goddamned thing in the world.
Fantasy is hardly an escape from reality. It's a way of understanding it.
The world is indeed full of peril, and in it there are many dark places; but still there is much that is fair, and though in all lands love is now mingled with grief, it grows perhaps the greater.
Waiting is painful. Forgetting is painful. But not knowing which to do is the worst kind of suffering.
Instead of worrying about what you cannot control, shift your energy to what you can create.
Do not go where the path may lead, go instead where there is no path and leave a trail.
Never let your sense of morals prevent you from doing what is right.
I can be changed by what happens to me. But I refuse to be reduced by it.
If you can't fly then run, if you can't run then walk, if you can't walk then crawl, but whatever you do you have to keep moving forward.
If you remember me, then I don't care if everyone else forgets.
Life's a bitch. You've got to go out and kick ass.
Turn your wounds into wisdom.
Take responsibility of your own happiness, never put it in other people’s hands.
When you have eliminated all which is impossible, then whatever remains, however improbable, must be the truth.
Be the reason someone smiles. Be the reason someone feels loved and believes in the goodness in people.
Be mindful. Be grateful. Be positive. Be true. Be kind.
Prayer is not asking. It is a longing of the soul. It is daily admission of one's weakness. It is better in prayer to have a heart without words than words without a heart.
Accept yourself, love yourself, and keep moving forward. If you want to fly, you have to give up what weighs you down.
It isn't what you have or who you are or where you are or what you are doing that makes you happy or unhappy. It is what you think about it.
What I need is the dandelion in the spring. The bright yellow that means rebirth instead of destruction. The promise that life can go on, no matter how bad our losses. That it can be good again.
Life is too short to waste your time on people who don’t respect, appreciate, and value you.
I don't trust people who don't love themselves and tell me, 'I love you.' ... There is an African saying which is: Be careful when a naked person offers you a shirt.
The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams.
And, in the end the love you take is equal to the love you make.
I like living. I have sometimes been wildly, despairingly, acutely miserable, racked with sorrow; but through it all I still know quite certainly that just to be alive is a grand thing.
I do not fear death. I had been dead for billions and billions of years before I was born, and had not suffered the slightest inconvenience from it.
Live the Life of Your Dreams: Be brave enough to live the life of your dreams according to your vision and purpose instead of the expectations and opinions of others.
It’s only after you’ve stepped outside your comfort zone that you begin to change, grow, and transform.
Don't judge each day by the harvest you reap but by the seeds that you plant.
But I know, somehow, that only when it is dark enough can you see the stars.
Believe in yourself. You are braver than you think, more talented than you know, and capable of more than you imagine.
More smiling, less worrying. More compassion, less judgment. More blessed, less stressed. More love, less hate.
Simplicity, patience, compassion. These three are your greatest treasures. Simple in actions and thoughts, you return to the source of being. Patient with both friends and enemies, you accord with the way things are. Compassionate toward yourself, you reconcile all beings in the world.
The past is a place of reference, not a place of residence; the past is a place of learning, not a place of living.
None but ourselves can free our minds.
Sometimes our light goes out, but is blown again into instant flame by an encounter with another human being.
Do what is right, not what is easy nor what is popular.
Clouds come floating into my life, no longer to carry rain or usher storm, but to add color to my sunset sky.
People say nothing is impossible, but I do nothing every day.
The things you do for yourself are gone when you are gone, but the things you do for others remain as your legacy.
A painter should begin every canvas with a wash of black, because all things in nature are dark except where exposed by the light.
It's kind of fun to do the impossible.
Pain is temporary. Quitting lasts forever.
Don't be afraid of your fears. They're not there to scare you. They're there to let you know that something is worth it.
You never fail until you stop trying.
All the darkness in the world cannot extinguish the light of a single candle.
When you’re riding, only the race in which you’re riding is important.
Age is no barrier. It’s a limitation you put on your mind.
A trophy carries dust. Memories last forever.
Most people give up just when they’re about to achieve success. They quit on the one yard line. They give up at the last minute of the game one foot from a winning touchdown.
There may be people that have more talent than you, but theres no excuse for anyone to work harder than you do.
The five S’s of sports training are: stamina, speed, strength, skill, and spirit; but the greatest of these is spirit.
An athlete cannot run with money in his pockets. He must run with hope in his heart and dreams in his head.
Persistence can change failure into extraordinary achievement.
Make sure your worst enemy doesn’t live between your own two ears.
Set your goals high, and don’t stop till you get there.
Most people never run far enough on their first wind to find out they’ve got a second.
If at first you don’t succeed, you are running about average.
Continuous effort — not strength or intelligence — is the key to unlocking our potential.
The difference between the impossible and the possible lies in a person’s determination.
Champions keep playing until they get it right.
What you lack in talent can be made up with desire, hustle, and giving 110 percent all the time.
If you fail to prepare, you’re prepared to fail.
The road to Easy Street goes through the sewer.
What makes something special is not just what you have to gain, but what you feel there is to lose.
The more difficult the victory, the greater the happiness in winning.
Nobody who ever gave their best regretted it.
When you win, say nothing, when you lose, say less.
The mind is the limit. As long as the mind can envision the fact that you can do something, you can do it, as long as you really believe 100 percent.
You win some, you lose some, and some get rained out, but you gotta suit up for them all.
Always make a total effort, even when the odds are against you.
You have to expect things of yourself before you can do them.
To uncover your true potential you must first find your own limits and then you have to have the courage to blow past them.
Show me a guy who’s afraid to look bad, and I’ll show you a guy you can beat every time.
You can motivate by fear, and you can motivate by reward. But both those methods are only temporary. The only lasting thing is self motivation.
If you train hard, you’ll not only be hard, you’ll be hard to beat.
If you don’t have confidence, you’ll always find a way not to win.
Make each day your masterpiece.
If you aren’t going all the way, why go at all?
You can’t put a limit on anything. The more you dream, the farther you get.
Do not let what you can not do interfere with what you can do.
Some people say I have attitude – maybe I do…but I think you have to. You have to believe in yourself when no one else does – that makes you a winner right there.
You miss 100 percent of the shots you don’t take.
It’s not whether you get knocked down; it’s whether you get up.
All these things take time
If we knew tomorrow we wouldn't need faith. If we never fell we wouldn't need grace
It's hard to hate what got me here
The human spirit is relentless and reflects the heart of God
Life is happening
